<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.0//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/REC-html40/strict.dtd">
<html><head><meta name="qrichtext" content="1" /><meta charset="utf-8" /><style type="text/css">
p, li { white-space: pre-wrap; }
hr { height: 1px; border-width: 0; }
li.unchecked::marker { content: "\2610"; }
li.checked::marker { content: "\2612"; }
</style></head><body style=" font-family:'CiscoSansGlobal'; font-size:12pt; font-weight:400; font-style:normal;">
<p style=" margin-top:0px; margin-bottom:0px; margin-left:0px; margin-right:0px; -qt-block-indent:0; text-indent:0px;">subject to restrictions as set forth in subparagraph (c) of the Commercial Computer Software - Restricted Rights clause at FAR sec. 52.227-19 and subparagraph (c) (1) (ii) of the Rights in Technical Data and Computer Software clause at DFARS sec. 252.227-7013. cisco Systems, Inc. 170 West Tasman Drive San Jose, California 95134-1706 Cisco IOS Software, C2900 Software (C2900-UNIVERSALK9-M), Version 15.1(4)M5, RELEASE SOFTWARE (fc2)Technical Support: http://www.cisco.com/techsupport Copyright (c) 1986-2007 by Cisco Systems, Inc. Compiled Wed 18-Jul-07 04:52 by pt_team Image text-base: 0x2100F918, data-base: 0x24729040 This product contains cryptographic features and is subject to United States and local country laws governing import, export, transfer and use. Delivery of Cisco cryptographic products does not imply third-party authority to import, export, distribute or use encryption. Importers, exporters, distributors and users are responsible for compliance with U.S. and local country laws. By using this product you agree to comply with applicable laws and regulations. If you are unable to comply with U.S. and local laws, return this product immediately. A summary of U.S. laws governing Cisco cryptographic products may be found at: http://www.cisco.com/wwl/export/crypto/tool/stqrg.html If you require further assistance please contact us by sending email to export@cisco.com. Cisco CISCO2911/K9 (revision 1.0) with 491520K/32768K bytes of memory. Processor board ID FTX152400KS 3 Gigabit Ethernet interfaces DRAM configuration is 64 bits wide with parity disabled. 255K bytes of non-volatile configuration memory. 249856K bytes of ATA System CompactFlash 0 (Read/Write) --- System Configuration Dialog --- Would you like to enter the initial configuration dialog? [yes/no]: no Press RETURN to get started! Router&gt; en Router#conf t Enter configuration commands, one per line. End with CNTL/Z. Router(config)#hostname R1 R1(config)#do sh ip in br Interface IP-Address OK? Method Status Protocol GigabitEthernet0/0 unassigned YES unset administratively down down GigabitEthernet0/1 unassigned YES unset administratively down down GigabitEthernet0/2 unassigned YES unset administratively down down Vlan1 unassigned YES unset administratively down down R1(config)#in G0/0 R1(config-if)#ip add 15.255.255.254 255.0.0.0 R1(config-if)#desc ## to SW1 ## R1(config-if)#no shut R1(config-if)# %LINK-5-CHANGED: Interface GigabitEthernet0/0, changed state to up %LINEPROTO-5-UPDOWN: Line protocol on Interface GigabitEthernet0/0, changed state to up R1(config-if)#in g0/1 R1(config-if)#ip add 182.98.255.254 255.255.0.0 R1(config-if)#desc ## to SW2 ## R1(config-if)#no shut R1(config-if)# %LINK-5-CHANGED: Interface GigabitEthernet0/1, changed state to up %LINEPROTO-5-UPDOWN: Line protocol on Interface GigabitEthernet0/1, changed state to up R1(config-if)#in g0? % Unrecognized command R1(config-if)#in g0/2 R1(config-if)#ip add 201.191.20.254 255.255.255.0 R1(config-if)#desc ## to SW3 ## R1(config-if)#no shut R1(config-if)# %LINK-5-CHANGED: Interface GigabitEthernet0/2, changed state to up %LINEPROTO-5-UPDOWN: Line protocol on Interface GigabitEthernet0/2, changed state to up R1(config-if)#end R1# %SYS-5-CONFIG_I: Configured from console by console R1#sh ip in br Interface IP-Address OK? Method Status Protocol GigabitEthernet0/0 15.255.255.254 YES manual up up GigabitEthernet0/1 182.98.255.254 YES manual up up GigabitEthernet0/2 201.191.20.254 YES manual up up Vlan1 unassigned YES unset administratively down down R1#sh run Building configuration... Current configuration : 809 bytes ! version 15.1 no service timestamps log datetime msec no service timestamps debug datetime msec no service password-encryption ! hostname R1 ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ip cef no ipv6 cef ! ! ! ! license udi pid CISCO2911/K9 sn FTX15246NR1- ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! spanning-tree mode pvst ! ! ! ! ! ! interface GigabitEthernet0/0 description ## to SW1 ## ip address 15.255.255.254 255.0.0.0 duplex auto speed auto ! interface GigabitEthernet0/1 description ## to SW2 ## ip address 182.98.255.254 255.255.0.0 duplex auto speed auto ! interface GigabitEthernet0/2 description ## to SW3 ## ip address 201.191.20.254 255.255.255.0 duplex auto speed auto ! interface Vlan1 no ip address shutdown ! ip classless ! ip flow-export version 9 ! ! ! ! ! ! ! line con 0 ! line aux 0 ! line vty 0 4 login ! ! ! end R1# R1# R1# R1# R1# R1# R1#w R1#write Building configuration... [OK] R1#</p></body></html>